# END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (EULA)  FOR XR2Learn-Enabler6-Personalisation-Tool

IMPORTANT – READ CAREFULLY: This End User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you (either an
individual or an entity) and Maastricht University for the use of the XR2Learn-Enabler6-Personalisation-Tool software
and any
accompanying documentation (collectively, the "Software"). By downloading the Software, you agree to be bound by the
terms of this EULA. If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do not download or use the Software.

## GRANT OF LICENSE:

Subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA, Maastricht University grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
revocable license to use, modify, and reproduce the Software solely for research, educational, and non-commercial
purposes.

## DUAL LICENSING:

1. For non-commercial use of the Software, it is released under the MIT License.

Copyright 2024 Maastricht University

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

The full text of the MIT License is also available at https://opensource.org/license/mit/.

2. For **commercial use** of the Software, you are required to contact Maastricht University to arrange a **commercial
   license**.

## RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE:

The user must comply with the licenses of the third-party software components used by this code.

## RESTRICTIONS:

You may not:

1. Use the Software for any purpose other than research, educational, or non-commercial purposes without obtaining a
   commercial license.

2. Distribute, sublicense, rent, lease, or lend the Software for commercial purposes without a valid commercial license.

3. Remove or alter any proprietary notices, labels, or marks from the Software.

## INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY:

Maastricht University retains all rights, title, and interest in and to the Software, including all intellectual
property rights. This EULA does not grant you any rights to trademarks, service marks, or trade names of Maastricht
University.

## NO WARRANTY:

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. UNIVERSITY OF
GALWAY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.

## LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:

IN NO EVENT SHALL MAASTRICHT UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF MAASTRICHT UNIVERSITY HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

## TERMINATION:

This license is effective until terminated. Your rights under this license will terminate automatically without notice
from Maastricht University if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this EULA.

## GOVERNING LAW:

This EULA shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands, without regard to its
conflicts of law principles.

## ENTIRE AGREEMENT:

This EULA constitutes the entire agreement between you and Maastricht University regarding the Software and supersedes
all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties.

By downloading the Software, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this EULA and agree to be bound by its
terms and conditions. If you have any questions regarding this EULA, please contact Maastricht University. 
